Search this site Embedded Files Skip to main content Skip to navigation ICRA 2025 WORKSHOP Home Speakers Schedule Call for Contributions Practical Session ICRA 2025 WORKSHOP Home Speakers Schedule Call for Contributions Practical Session More Home Speakers Schedule Call for Contributions Practical Session 19–23 May 2025, Atlanta, USA Beyond the Lab: Robust Planning and Control in Real World Scenarios ICRA 2025 Abstract The integration of robots into our daily lives depends on their ability to operate reliably and safely in complex, dynamic environments. Despite significant progress, achieving robust performance under uncertainty remains one of the major challenges. The complexity and computational demands of real-time robust planning are significant obstacles, especially when considering, e.g., whole-body control of complex multi-body robots, or the hybrid dynamics arising in contact-based interaction tasks. In addition, a computationally efficient but descriptive representation and propagation of uncertainties are also essential tools which, despite considerable progress, are yet to be considered mature for fast real-time control of complex robots. This workshop aims to address these challenges by bringing together top researchers and practitioners to explore the state of the art in integrated robust planning and control. We will focus on planning strategies that ensure system functionality despite disturbances/uncertainties, in line with the growing trend towards optimization-based predictive control. The workshop will cover a range of methodologies balancing formality and practicality, and address the uncertainties inherent in tasks involving motion, manipulation, and interaction. The ambition is to showcase the best our community has to offer for enhancing the practical applicability of robots in uncertain real-world scenarios. Speakers Dr. Javier Alonso-Mora, Department for Cognitive Robotics, Delft University of Technology, Delft, The Netherlands. Title of the talk: “ Robust motion planning in dynamic environments ” Dr. Sylvain Calinon, Idiap Research Institute, Martigny, Switzerland, and EPFL, Lausanne, Switzerland. Title of the talk: “ Frugal learning for robot planning and control ” Prof. Sylvia Herbert, The Safe Autonomous Systems Lab, Mechanical and Aerospace Engineering, UC San Diego, San Diego. Title of the talk: “ Safe robot interactions in uncertain environments ” Prof. Hanna Kurniawati, School of Computing, Australian National University, Australia. Title of the talk: “ High Dimensional and Long-Horizon POMDPs ” Dr. Marco Pavone , Department of Aeronautics & Astronautics, Stanford University, California. Title of the talk: “ Blending optimization-based and data-driven control for robust planning ” Dr. Michael Posa, General Robotics, Automation, Sensing and Perception (GRASP) Laboratory, University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia. Title of the talk: “ Contact-rich control: dealing with uncertainty and model error ” Dr. Alessandro Saccon, Department of Mechanical Engineering, Eindhoven University of Technology, Eindhoven, The Netherlands. Title of the talk: “ Impact-aware robotics: handling contact uncertainty in the presence of simultaneous impacts ” Organizers Tommaso Belvedere CNRS, Université de Rennes, Inria, IRISA, France Andrea Pupa Department of Sciences and Methods for Engineering, University of Modena and Reggio Emilia, Italy Amr Afifi Robotics and Mechatronics, Faculty of Electrical Engineering, Mathematics & Computer Science, University of Twente, The Netherlands Ludovic Righetti Machines in Motion Laboratory, New York University, USA Kim Hyoun Jin Department of Aerospace Engineering, Automation and System Research Institute (ASRI) and Institute of Advanced Aerospace Technology (IAAT), Seoul National University, South Korea Paolo Robuffo Giordano CNRS, Université de Rennes, Inria, IRISA, France Acknowledgements This workshop is supported by Technical Committee on Model-based Optimization, Design, and Control of Robot Systems. Google Sites Report abuse Page details Page updated Google Sites Report abuse This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies. Learn more Got it